CXP-679 New field main mission in the user profile (#949)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/first-steps/manage-your-account.md

## Your general information

> Under the `General` tab, you will be able to edit your personal information: username, firstname, lastname, add/remove your picture, and your email address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the `General` tab, you will be able to edit your personal information: username, first name, last name, add/remove your picture, and your email address. 
```

::: tips
You can even select `What is your main mission` in the PIM. This will help us improve Akeneo PIM and your user experience. 

> By knowing your main mission, we will be able to improve Akeneo PIM to help you improve your product data, your catalog structure or suggest you third-parties to connect with your PIM depending on your specific needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By knowing your main mission, we will be able to enhance Akeneo PIM to help you improve your product data, your catalog structure or suggest third parties to connect with your PIM depending on your specific needs.
```
